I
No
Sweet story
It keeps rounding today and is 96 years
It is a story of sweets pea daifuku of common people
Voting Takanawa morning 5:30
The day of Matsukasa shop begins
Toka Tai Fook is like saying I eat the things that made the day the morning of another basically hit on the same day
Monmon
Mame Daifuku is called morning sweets
Essentially what to eat on the day
Housework
6 Then mix the red peas with entrapped umami into the bowl of initial pressure
The affinity between the crispy texture and the fluffy candy is outstanding
Arion
I will see the black already with the bowl which got mixed
It is the completion of Mame Daifuku that you can only taste on that day
You will receive
With a fresh can to immediately customers of Matsushima shop
There is the first
In the blink of an eye, this Daifuku is sold out
It has came to an end today
If it's a jumble and damp, it's time to start it from morning to evening
Hey you
Providing this to customers in the same way was difficult to relocate
pot but it is what
96 people in the same place with the same taste
The taste at the time of its founding , which has been around since Taisho 7, is supported by the pulse
Make plans in the afternoon
Kazuki, who had eaten the Tai Fook from a young age to live in the neighborhood to Matsushima
Now entered on the side to make its taste
It is strange feeling, isn't it?
Because I never thought of becoming a foot craftsman
The
Guarding the place
Delivery
By the hand of two craftsmen working Megame Sik
Warmth will rise tomorrow